hey stay in your formations
my official recommendation is that
everyone should stay on alert until
further notice
i'll gather a group will leave in five
[Music]
we agreed not to cross their borders or
to start anything without a reason
holding our breaths for months
this isn't normal we have to keep our
cool
or they win
so at least one has been on our side of
the border at some point
yeah but i can see what's coming unless
we stop it
fear is dangerous it can drive us apart
again
is that a meteor shower eugene's on the
radio he needs to talk to you now
she's a baby not a science experiment
can't boil people down to charts and
crafts
now i'm the guy that picks the
vegetables and takes out the trash
i'm okay with that
oh
i tried to forget everything that
happened it was good
if we're lucky we never have to think
about those skin freaks ever
get caught on their side of the border
that's it that's war it's fire
fire spread it could burn through our
hunting
i believe there may be invaluable
technological implications for our
communities
if i'm able to retrieve any of the
useful bits from inside i'm not here
maybe this buys us some goodwill this
helps them too
look i need you to stay otherwise i'm
gonna have to punch holes in all them
boats
the dead don't have names
we shouldn't either without names or a
past
got into a tussle with a dead
ran me at my camp a few months ago mr b
i thought we didn't have names so if i'm
b
what does that make you hey
all monsters
can't believe him you won't have to
[Music]
[Applause]
i love him and he's gone i will skin her
alive
for all to see she unsettles the pack
then we keep a close eye
make sure her moment of weakness doesn't
affect the other the others have already
spoken the enemy
[Applause]
put in the needs of the pack above your
own
i anoint your camera
she's my baby
i could not get her what it is
it is dead to me she was dead the moment
she was born
i saw smoke by the border
the enemy when they've crossed
we are the end of the world
constant wave after wave this is her
you know you're training lock it down
the north border
now call off your walkers
there is one rule between our people
one law stay where you
are we crossed one time
three times
the creek that winds into the valley
that is your new southern border
we will mark the new border to the north
you should fear me
i don't i look at you and i feel nothing
at all
boy he screamed your name
just before we took his head
i forgive you mother the mother
you better run come on let's go
it was them of course it was nine are
injured
bruce collapsed half a trapped under it
you think mommy will take me in now
you're just a freak
they are trying to get a reaction out of
you they want to see you upset
don't give that to them screw them if
you run away now
we'll play dumb when they ask us
this is my home come on
i love henry you know i love him please
please
it was negan negan killed her no he
didn't do anything wrong
no it wasn't he didn't do anything on
the right side this time i don't know if
it's going to make any difference huh
should i come home
no not if
walkers at alexandria the tree here
and now oceanside first time coincidence
second time might be bad luck but third
time
what
he's gone how long have you been a month
it's grown since then did you know
thyroid cancer had a 98
survival rate different times
[ __ ]
okay
the man with the metal arm
gave it to me
completely
might just have to wear a new man
oh let me in and there you
are
tell me what we're doing out here
alphys horde
we're gonna find it and we're gonna
destroy it where's rosita
same as everybody else it seems most we
can do is keep them hydrated and wait it
out
this is tater bug calling live over open
channels anyone out there give us a copy
you want to cross the border don't you i
want to find the horde if that's what it
takes
i receive you loud and clear i can't
believe
you really out there watch learn and
leave
yeah things go sideways we head back
simple [ __ ] can suddenly become a big
deal
we'll figure it out thanks dante
we can take it back see what he knows
it's a good thing
did you plan this no
my given name is eugene herman porter
and i propose we continue these combos
on the rig with the hopes of building
more
we haven't formally met but i sure as
hell know who you
are i'm all in whatever you want
whatever i got it's yours
where's horde
[Music]
i would never betray alpha
she rescued me
she sacrificed her own daughter for us
did you gift this to him yeah for pain
and inflammation
you killed him because you packed it
no
mother told her people she killed me
you used me
i stopped this is my fault
it's not yours it is not anyone else's
[Music]
not like this
did well at the barn
now i need something more
eyes and ears inside that wall
you have a special place in mars
sadiq are you awake
hold up
is the baby still alive the baby that
was rescued at hilton
yes family raising him named him adam
can i see him i have information for you
what is it promise me i can see him i
hear you might have found alpha's heard
you need help no we have enough people
when was the last time you had new
people in here since way before the fire
who the hell are you he was trying to
steal a sail and then probably also
a
[Music]
you boat her dead so bad you don't even
care what happens to you
it's not true he never came off that
boat
it's been like talking to a goddamn
ghost
i left home for supplies
and now i'm just trying to get back i
swear to you where i live
my family's there i live on bloodsworth
island in tangier sound
whatever weapons you have on your island
will pay off your debt
i'll take you home and i'll bring the
boat back to them
[Applause]
what
[Music]
you